Section IV Writing 

　　Part A 

　　47. Directions: Suppose you are going to study abroad and share an apartment with John, a local student. 
 Write him to email to 

　　1)tell him about your living habits, and 

　　2)ask for advice about living there. 

　　You should write about 100 words on answer sheet. 

　　Do not use your own name. 

　　Dear John, 

　　I am Li Ming who will go to study in your university and live together with you in one department. 
 Now I am writing this letter to tell you some of my habits and ask you for some suggestions to adapt 
 myself there. 

　　To begin with, I usually get up early in the morning at six o’clock and then go out to do some exercise. 
 To continue, I would like to spend my spare time in reading in the library. Meanwhile, I wonder 
 if you could be so kind to offer me some proposals on how to get used to the life there. 

　　I am looking forward to seeing you soon and wish everything goes well. 

　　Yours sincerely, 

　　Li Ming 

　　Part B 

　　48. Directions: Write your essay on ANSWER SHEET. (15 points) 

　　You should 

　　1. interpret the chart, and 

　　2. give your comments. 

　　You should write about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET. (15points) 

　　What is clearly presented in the above chart is the different numbers of urban residents and rural 
 population among 1990,2000 and 2010.The number of urban residents climbed steadily from 300 million 
 in 1990 to 660 million or so in 2010，while rural population decreased slightly from about 820 million 
 to 680 million or so in the same period. 

　　It is not difficult to come up with some possible factors accounting for this trend. On the one hand, 
 with the rapid development of economy and society, people in mounting numbers crowd into cities 
 in search of employment, a decent living and the excitement of urban life recently. On the other 
 hand, the economy in the rural districts is comparative less developed and thus the opportunity to 
 make money and pursue their future is as well lean. As a result, an increasing number of folks are 
 trying to escape this destiny by flocking into the urban areas. 

　　Given the analyses above, I firmly believe that such established trend will surely continue for quite 
 a while in the forthcoming years and due importance should be attached to this evident situation. 
 
