　　Text2 

　　I was addressing a small gathering in a suburban Virginia living room -- a women's group that had invited 
 men to join them. Throughout the evening one man had been particularly talkative frequently 
 offering ideas and anecdotes while his wife sat silently beside him on the couch. Toward the end 
 of the evening I commented that women frequently complain that their husbands don't talk to them. 
 This man quickly concurred. He gestured toward his wife and said "She's the talker in our family." 
 The room burst into laughter; the man looked puzzled and hurt. "It's true" he explained. "When I 
 come home from work I have nothing to say. If she didn't keep the conversation going we'd spend the 
 whole evening in silence." 

　　This episode crystallizes the irony that although American men tend to talk more than women in public 
 situations they often talk less at home. And this pattern is wreaking havoc with marriage. 

　　The pattern was observed by political scientist Andrew Hacker in the late '70s. Sociologist Catherine 
 Kohler Riessman reports in her new book "Divorce Talk" that most of the women she interviewed -- 
 but only a few of the men -- gave lack of communication as the reason for their divorces. Given 
 the current divorce rate of nearly 50 percent that amounts to millions of cases in the United States 
 every year -- a virtual epidemic of failed conversation. 

　　In my own research complaints from women about their husbands most often focused not on tangible inequities 
 such as having given up the chance for a career to accompany a husband to his or doing far 
 more than their share of daily life-support work like cleaning cooking social arrangements and errands. 
 Instead they focused on communication: "He doesn't listen to me" "He doesn't talk to me." 
 I found as Hacker observed years before that most wives want their husbands to be first and foremost 
 conversational partners but few husbands share this expectation of their wives. 

　　In short the image that best represents the current crisis is the stereotypical cartoon scene of a 
 man sitting at the breakfast table with a newspaper held up in front of his face while a woman glares 
 at the back of it wanting to talk. 

　　26.What is most wives' main expectation of their husbands? 

　　A.Talking to them. 

　　B.Trusting them. 

　　C.Supporting their careers. 

　　D. Shsring housework. 

　　27.Judging from the context ,the phrase “wreaking havoc”(Line 3,Para.2)most probably means ___ . 

　　A generating motivation. 

　　B.exerting influence 

　　C.causing damage 

　　Dcreating pressure 

　　28.All of the following are true EXCEPT_______ 

　　A.men tend to talk more in public tan women 

　　B.nearly 50percent of recent divorces are caused by failed conversation 

　　C.women attach much importance to communication between couples 

　　Da female tends to be more talkative at home than her spouse 

　　29.Which of the following can best summarize the mian idea of this text ? 

　　A.The moral decaying deserves more research by sociologists . 

　　B.Marriage break_up stems from sex inequalities. 

　　C.Husband and wofe have different expectations from their marriage. 

　　D.Conversational patterns between man and wife are different. 

　　30.In the following part immediately after this text,the author will most probably focus 

　　on ______ 

　　A.a vivid account of the new book Divorce Talk 

　　B.a detailed description of the stereotypical cartoon 

　　C.other possible reasons for a high divorce rate in the U.S. 

　　D a brief introduction to the political scientist Andrew Hacker 
