　　Part B 

　　Directions: 

　　Write an essay based on the following table. In your writing, you should 

　　1) describe the table, and 

　　2) give your comments. 

　　You should write at least 150 words. 

　　Write your essay on ANSWER SHEET 2. (15 points) 

某公司员工工作满意度调查 

 

　　审题谋篇： 

　　考研英语二短短3年的历史上，基本上都考察图表作文。图标作文的类型基本可以分为table(表格)、line graph(曲线图)、bar chart／column graph(条形图／柱形图)、pie 
 chart(饼图)四种。其中2010年考察柱状图，2011年还是柱状图，2012年考察表格作文。可见四种体型在未来几年都有可能涉及。而从话题上来讲，2010年考察手机订阅数据，2011年考察中国市场外资和国产汽车品牌的销售数据，2012年考察不同年龄段职场人士工作满意度的调查数据。 
 

　　1 描述图表。图表类型及对策。表格作文有一定的难度，所以不少考生在表格图这部分栽了跟头．表格中数字较多，考生要很好的完成任务需要做到详略得当。表格数据凌乱、繁多，图形不够直观、数据间的关系较为隐蔽。这就要求考生有较强的判断与分析能力，在复杂的数据中进行量化比较和趋向分析，得到一个一般性的结论（general 
 idea）。本题员工满意度的人群分类是按年龄段来区分的，并且这几个年龄段的工作满意度呈现不同的趋势，可以把年龄作为一个突破口来分析得出年龄越大满意度越大这样的一般性结论。 
 

　　2．对图表内容进行论述。 

　　针对本篇文章具体结论，可以在论证部分进行出现上述趋势的原因。 工作满意度高或低的原因可以从工作本身以及社会背景和个人人生态度等方面来论证。 

　　最后需要说明的是，无论何种表格，对于数据都可以进行加减乘除的运算，其目的是算出增减规律。这样做就避免了表格作文中简单地数据罗列，既可以使文章的描写手段变化多样，又能得到更好的对比效果。 

　　参考范文： 

　　The table above revealed an overall picture of job satisfaction among employment of different age groups. 
 Based upon the data of the table, most people under 40 are unclear or dissatisfied with their 
 job, and 64% of those between 40 and 50 are not satisfied. For people over 50, the degree of satisfaction 
 largely exceeds the younger groups under 40, amounting to 40%. 

　　The phenomenon that elder people find more pleasure in job compared with the young may be rooted in 
 the following reasons. First, people between 30 and 50 face more pressure to support the family, 
 both the children and the senior, so that they neglect to enjoy in work. Second, the senior citizens 
 have developed a lot in personality, so they are more prone to see the optimistic aspects of the 
 work. Last, the current family pattern of "one family one Child" cause the aging of the society, 
 which has posed more social responsibility to people under 50. 

　　To sum up, the senior citizens enjoys more content than the young people. In order to improve this 
 situation, and make life of those who are between 40s and 50s easier, the authorities, relevant departments 
 and certain enterprises, should adopt some measures to increase salaries and perfect welfare 
 system. What's more, adults under 40 themselves should also treat their work with a positive 
 and proper attitude and spare more time on physical practice after long-hour work. Only in this way 
 can we assure that as many people as possible will live a contented life. 
