　　Text 2 

　　Pretty in pink: adult women do not remember being so obsessed with the colour, yet it is pervasive 
 in our young girls' lives. It is not that pink intrinsically bad, but it is a tiny slice of the rainbow 
 and, though it may celebrate girlhood in one way, it also repeatedly and firmly fused girls' 
 identity to appearance. Then it presents that connection, even among two-year-olds, between girls 
 as not only innocent but as evidence of innocence. Looking around, despaired at the singular lack 
 of imagination about girls' lives and interests. 

　　Girls' attraction to pink may seem unavoidable, somehow encoded in their DNA, but according to Jo Paoletti, 
 an associate professor of American Studies, it's not. Children were not colour-coded at all 
 until the early 20th century: in the era before domestic washing machines all babies wore white 
 as a practical matter, since the only way of getting clothes clean was to boil them. What's more, 
 both boys and girls wore what were thought of as gender-neutral dresses. When nursery colours were 
 introduced, pink was actually considered the more masculine colour, a pastel version of red, which 
 was associated with strength. Blue, with its intimations of the Virgin Mary, constancy and faithfulness, 
 symbolised femininity. It was not until the mid-1980s, when amplifying age and sex differences 
 became a dominant children's marketing strategy, that pink fully came into its own, when it 
 began to seem innately attractive to girls, part of what defined them as female, at least for the 
 first few critical years. 

　　I had not realised how profoundly marketing trends dictated our perception of what is natural to kids, 
 including our core beliefs about their psychological development. Take the toddler. I assumed 
 that phase was something experts developed after years of research into children's behaviour: wrong. 
 Turns out, according to Daniel Cook, a historian of childhood consumerism, it was popularised as 
 a marketing gimmick by clothing manufacturers in the 1930s. 

　　Trade publications counseled department stores that, in order to increase sales, they should create 
 a "third stepping stone" between infant wear and older kids' clothes. It was only after "toddler" 
 became common shoppers' term that it evolved into a broadly accepted developmental stage. Splitting 
 kids, or adults, into ever-tinier categories has proved a sure-fire way to boost profits. And one 
 of the easiest ways to segment a market is to magnify gender differences - or invent them where 
 they did not previously exist. 

　　26. By saying "it is ... The rainbow"(line 3, Para 1), the author means pink _______. 

　　A should not be the sole representation of girlhood 

　　B should not be associated with girls' innocence 

　　C cannot explain girls' lack of imagination 

　　D cannot influence girls' lives and interests 

　　27. According to Paragraph 2, which of the following is true of colours? 

　　A Colors are encoded in girls' DNA 

　　B Blue used to be regarded as the color for girls 

　　C Pink used to be a neutral color in symbolizing genders 

　　D White is preferred by babies 

　　28. The author suggests that our perception of children's psychological devotement was much influenced 
 by ________. 

　　[A] the marketing of products for children 

　　[B] the observation of children's nature 

　　[C] researches into children's behavior 

　　[D] studies of childhood consumption 

　　29. We may learn from Paragraph 4 that department stores were advised ________. 

　　A focuses on infant wear and older kids' clothes 

　　B attach equal importance to different genders 

　　C classify consumers into smaller groups 

　　D create some common shoppers' terms 

　　30. It can be concluded that girl's attraction to pink seems to be _____. 

　　A clearly explained by their inborn tendency 

　　B fully understood by clothing manufacturers 

　　C mainly imposed by profit-driven businessmen 

　　D well interpreted by psychological experts 
