　　Part B 

　　Directions: Read the following text and answer the questions by finding information from the left column 
 that corresponds to each of the marked details given in the right column. There are two extra 
 choices in the right column. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEERT 1.(10 points) 

　　Universal history, the history of what man has accomplished in this world, is at bottom the History 
 of the Great Men who have worked here," wrote the Victorian sage Thomas Carlyle. Well, not any more 
 it is not. 

　　Suddenly, Britain looks to have fallen out with its favourite historical form. This could be no more 
 than a passing literary craze, but it also points to a broader truth about how we now approach the 
 past: less concerned with learning from forefathers and more interested in feeling their pain. 
 Today, we want empathy, not inspiration. From the earliest days of the Renaissance, the writing of 
 history meant recounting the exemplary lives of great men. In 1337, Petrarch began work on his rambling 
 writing De Viris Illustribus - On Famous Men, highlighting the virtus (or virtue) of classical 
 heroes. Petrarch celebrated their greatness in conquering fortune and rising to the top. This 
 was the biographical tradition which Niccolo Machiavelli turned on its head. In The Prince, the championed 
 cunning, ruthlessness, and boldness, rather than virtue, mercy and justice, as the skills 
 of successful leaders. Over time, the attributes of greatness shifted. The Romantics commemorated 
 the leading painters and authors of their day, stressing the uniqueness of the artist's personal 
 experience rather than public glory. By contrast, the Victorian author Samual Smiles wrote Self-Help 
 as a catalogue of the worthy lives of engineers , industrialists and explores . "The valuable examples 
 which they furnish of the power of self-help, if patient purpose, resolute working and steadfast 
 integrity, issuing in the formulation of truly noble and many character, exhibit,"wrote Smiles."what 
 it is in the power of each to accomplish for himself." His biographies of James Walt, Richard 
 Arkwright and Josiah Wedgwood were held up as beacons to guide the working man through his difficult 
 life. This was all a bit bourgeois for Thomas Carlyle, who focused his biographies on the 
 truly heroic lives of Martin Luther, Oliver Cromwell and Napoleon Bonaparte. These epochal figures 
 represented lives hard to imitate, but to be acknowledged as possessing higher authority than mere 
 mortals. Communist Manifesto. For them, history did nothing, it possessed no immense wealth nor 
 waged battles: "It is man, real, living man who does all that." And history should be the story of 
 the masses and their record of struggle. As such, it needed to appreciate the economic realities, 
 the social contexts and power relations in which each epoch stood. For:"Men make their own history, 
 but they do not make it just as they please; they do not make it under circumstances chosen by 
 themselves, but under circumstances directly found, given and transmitted from the past." This was 
 the tradition which revolutionized our appreciation of the past. In place of Thomas Carlyle, Britain 
 nurtured Christopher Hill, EP Thompson and Eric Hobsbawm. History from below stood alongside 
 biographies of great men. Whole new realms of understanding - from gender to race to cultural studies 
 - were opened up as scholars unpicked the multiplicity of lost societies. And it transformed public 
 history too: downstairs became just as fascinating as upstairs. 

  [A] emphasized the virtue of classical heroes. 

41. Petrarch [B] highlighted the public glory of the leading artists. 

42. Niccolo Machiavellli [C] focused on epochal figures whose lives were hard to imitate. 

43. Samuel Smiles [D] opened up new realms of understanding the great men in history. 

44. Thomas Carlyle [E] held that history should be the story of the masses and their record of struggle. 
 

45. Marx and Engels [F] dismissed virtue as unnecessary for successful leaders. 

  [G] depicted the worthy lives of engineer industrialists and explorers. 
