　　Section I Use of English 

　　1-5: ADBDC 

　　6-10: BBDBA 

　　11-15: ADCCC 

　　16-20: CABAD 

　　Section II Reading Comprehension 

　　Part A 

　　21-25：ADBBC 

　　26-30：CCDCD 

　　31-35：DACDC 

　　36-40：BAADC 

　　Part B 

　　41-45：FEGCD 

　　Section III Translation 

　　从过去的53年里随便找出哪一天，我都能够立刻想起那一天我在哪里，那一天发生了什么新闻，甚至那一天是星期几。从4岁起，我就能这么做了。 

　　我从来没有为自己所记住的大量的信息而感到不知所措。我的大脑似乎能够应对这种状况，能够有条理地将这些信息记在脑子里。当我想起悲伤的事情时，我会像每个人一样，尽力把它放在一边，不去想它。我并不认因为我的记忆非常强而导致很难把不高兴的事情放在一边。强大的记忆力并不能使我的情感更加敏锐和生动。我能够记得我祖父去世的那一天，以及前一天我们去医院的路上所感到的悲伤。同样，我也能记得同一天在百老汇上演的音乐剧《Hair》——这些事情都以同样的方式在我脑海里突然浮现。 
 

　　Section IV Writing 

　　47. 

　　Dear Classmates, 

　　I am writing to notify all of you to attend a charity sale our class will hold. The detailed arrangements 
 information is as follows. 

　　The aim of the activity is to help children who have dropped out of school for their family cannot 
 afford their tuition. This charity ale will be held in the hall of the students’ center on December 
 15th from 9 am to 5 pm. 

　　Giving your love is a virtue, so I really hope all the students can take part in this event and I will 
 be grateful if you come and give your donation. 

　　Sincerely yours, 

　　Li Ming 

　　48. 

　　The Change in College Students’ Attendance of Part-time Jobs 

　　As is illustrated by the figure in the chart, the number of college students doing part-time jobs has 
 been on rise steadily from 66.77% to 88.24% during the four years campus life. From the change 
 in the chart, it goes without saying that more and more college students choose to engage in outside 
 programs recently. 

　　Considering these changes, we can find two main reasons. Firstly, with the grown-up of the students, 
 most parents and teachers tend to support the college students to do some social practice. Secondly, 
 the fast changing society has raised higher and higher requirements for college graduates, thus 
 more and more college students are willing to broaden their view and to promote their social abilities 
 by taking part-time jobs. 

　　As a college student, I think the chart reflects the exciting progress on the college students’ attendance 
 in the part-time jobs. We have become much mature to realize how to spend our spare time meaningfully 
 and practically. From the changes in the charts, it is easy for us to predict that more 
 and more college students will walk out their home and throw themselves into more various vacation 
 activities. 
