photographs and relatively few natural objects.
Long is Britain's bestknown Land Artist and his Stone Circle, a perfect ring of purplish rocks from Portishead beach
laid out on the gallery floor, represents the elegant, rarefied side of the form. The Boyle Family, on the other hand, stands for
its dirty, urban aspect. Comprising artists Mark Boyle and Joan Hills and their children, they recreated random sections of
the British landscape on gallery walls. Their Olaf Street Study, a square of brickstrewn waste ground, is one of the few works
here to embrace the commonplaceness that characterises most of our experience of the landscape most of the time.
Parks feature, particularly in the earlier works, such as John Hilliard's very funny Across the Park, in which a long-
haired stroller is variously smiled at by a pretty girl and unwittingly assaulted in a sequence of images that turn out to be
different parts of the same photograph.
Generally however British land artists preferred to get away from towns, gravitating towards landscapes that are
traditionally considered beautiful such as the Lake District or the Wiltshire Downs. While it probably wasn't apparent at the
time, much of this work is permeated by a spirit of romantic escapism that the likes of Wordsworth would have readily
understood. Derek Jarman's yellowtinted film Towards Avebury, a collection of long, mostly still shots of the Wiltshire
landscape, evokes a tradition of English landscape painting stretching from Samuel Palmer to Paul Nash.
In the case of Hamish Fulton, you can't help feeling that the Scottish artist has simply found a way of making his love of
walking pay. A typical work, such as Seven Days, consists of a single beautiful blackandwhite photograph taken on an epic
walk, with the mileage and number of days taken listed beneath. British Land Art as shown in this well selected, but
relatively modestly scaled exhibition wasn't about imposing on the landscape, more a kind of landscapeorientated light
conceptual art created passing through. It had its origins in the great outdoors, but the results were as gallerybound as the
paintings of Turner and Constable.
[A] originates from a long walk that the artist took
41. Stone Circle
[B] illustrates a kind of landscape-orientated light conceptual art
42. Olaf StreetStudy
[C] reminds people of the English landscape painting tradition.
43. Across the Park
[D] represents the elegance of the British land art
44. Towards Avebury
[E] depicts the ordinary side of the British land art
45. Seven days
[F] embodies a romantic escape into the Scottish outdoors
[G] contains images from different parts of the same photograph.
Section III Translation
Directions:
Translate the following text from English into Chinese. Write your translation on ANSWER SHEET. (15 points)
Most people would define optimism as endlessly happy, with a glass that’s perpetually half full. But that’s exactly the
kind of false cheerfulness t
hat positive psychologists wouldn’t recommend. “Healthy optimism means being in touch with
reality,” says Tal Ben
-Shahar, a Harvard professor. According to Ben-Shahar, realistic optimists are those who make the best
of things that happen, but not those who believe everything happens for the best.