
　　1)It’s true that high-school coding classes aren’t essential for learning computer science in college.
 Students without experience can catch up after a few introductory courses, said Tom Cortina, the 
 assistant dean at Carnegie Mellon’s School of Computer Science. 

　　2)However, Cortina said, early exposure is beneficial. When younger kids learn computer science, they
 learn that it’s not just a confusing, endless string of letters and numbers — but a tool to build 
 apps, or create artwork, or test hypotheses. It’s not as hard for them to transform their thought 
 processes as it is for older students. Breaking down problems into bite-sized chunks and using code 
 to solve them becomes normal. Giving more children this training could increase the number of people 
 interested in the field and help fill the jobs gap, Cortina said. 

　　3)Students also benefit from learning something about coding before they get to college, where introductory
 computer-science classes are packed to the brim, which can drive the less-experienced or-determined 
 students away. 

　　4)The Flatiron School, where people pay to learn programming, started as one of the many coding bootcamps
 that’s become popular for adults looking for a career change. The high-schoolers get the same 
 curriculum, but “we try to gear lessons toward things they’re interested in,” said Victoria Friedman, 
 an instructor. For instance, one of the apps the students are developing suggests movies based 
 on your mood. 

　　5)The students in the Flatiron class probably won’t drop out of high school and build the next Facebook.
 Programming languages have a quick turnover, so the “Ruby on Rails” language they learned may 
 not even be relevant by the time they enter the job market. But the skills they learn — how to think 
 logically through a problem and organize the results — apply to any coding language, said Deborah Seehorn,
 an education consultant for the state of North Carolina.

　　6)Indeed, the Flatiron students might not go into IT at all. But creating a future army of coders is
 not the sole purpose of the classes. These kids are going to be surrounded by computers — in their 
 pockets, in their offices, in their homes — for the rest of their lives. The younger they learn how 
 computers think, how to coax the machine into producing what they want — the earlier they learn 
 that they have the power to do that — the better. 

　　21. Cortina holds that early exposure to computer science makes it easier to____. 

　　A. complete future job training 

　　B. remodel the way of thinking 

　　C. formulate logical hypotheses 

　　D. perfect artwork production 

　　22. In delivering lessons for high-schoolers, Flatiron has considered their____. 

　　A. experience 

　　B. academic backgrounds 

　　C. career prospects 

　　D. interest 

　　23. Deborah Seehorn believes that the skills learned at Flatiron will____. 

　　A. help students learn other computer languages 

　　B. have to be upgraded when new technologies come 

　　C. need improving when students look for jobs 

　　D. enable students to make big quick money 

　　24. According to the last paragraph, Flatiron students are expected to____. 

　　A. compete with a future army of programmers 

　　B. stay longer in the information technology industry 

　　C. become better prepared for the digitalized world 

　　D. bring forth innovative computer technologies 

　　25. The word “coax” (Line4, Para.6) is closest in meaning to____. 

　　A. challenge 

　　B. persuade 

　　C. frighten 

　　D. misguide 

　　Text 1 

　　21 答案 B remodel the way of thinking. 

　　Reshape 重塑 remold 重塑 

　　Mold 名词-模型 模子 动词-形成塑造 

　　解析：此题是文中人物观点题。根据Cortina定位到第二段前三句。Cortina认为尽早接触计算机科学是有益的。第三句It’s not as hard for them to transform their 
 thought processes as it is for older students. 译为在转变思维程序方面小孩不像年龄较大的学生一样困难，即B remodel the way 
 of thinking 转变思维方式即为同义替换。 

　　22 答案 D interest 

　　解析：此题是细节题。根据关键词Friedman定位到第四段第二句but之后引号里面内容“我们试图让课程符合学生兴趣”，故而D interest为正确答案。 

　　23 答案 A help students learn other computer languages 

　　解析：文中人物观点题。题干问的是Deborah Seehorn认为在Flatiron这里所学到的技能将能怎么样，据此定位到第五段But处，和题干基本一致，该句指出“But the skills they 
 learn…appl to any coding language”，意思是他们学到的技能可以应用于任何编码语言。对比答案选项，A选项的意思是“帮助学生学习其他的计算机语言”属于原文定位处的同义替换。 
 

　　24 答案 C become better prepared for the digitalized world 

　　解析：细节题。题干指出：根据最后一段，Flatiron的学生被期望去干什么。据此定位到最后一段的These kids are going to be处，是题干的同义复现。定位句“These kids 
 are…be surrounded by computers for the rest of their lives. The younger they learn how computers 
 think…….the better.”，意思是学生们越早学越好。C选项“为数字化的未来做更好的准备”是同义概述。 

　　25 答案 B persuade 

　　解析：词义句意题，结合上下文来解题。根据coax此单词，定位到最后一段最后一句“how to coax the machine into producing what they want”，考察固定搭配“persuade…into…”。A选项挑战，B选项劝服，C选项使恐慌，D选项误导。考生做题时一定要注意结合上下文来推测生词的词义，这是命题人的出题 
 规律。 
